well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
clarifying the president because the
president took to Twitter to provide
Americans with accurate information
about how their government functions and
it needs to be clarified because he was
wrong look I understand this trying
times okay and I understand you're
looking for information when the
president began speaking or tweeting
about how the government itself
functions basic civics just operate
under the assumption that he's wrong
operate under the assumption that
whatever he says the exact opposite is
true if you do that you'll be safe
because he does not understand the basic
concepts of the Constitution the basic
concepts of our government he really
doesn't okay so what did he tweet in his
first week because he took up to to be
this wrong he said for the purpose of
creating conflict and confusion some in
the fake news media are saying that it
is the governor's decision to open up
the state's not that of the President of
the United States and the federal
government let it be fully understood
that this is incorrect no it's not okay
second tweet it is the decision of the
President and for many good reasons with
that being said the administration and I
are working closely with the governors
and this will continue a decision by me
in conjunction with the governors and
input from others will be made shortly
okay know that that's not how this works
it's not how any of this works that's
not how the United States works it's not
how it's ever worked the president can
remove any federal guidance any federal
orders that he has enacted without
consulting anybody he has that authority
however if tomorrow the president says
stay at home orders are gone they don't
exist anymore and the governor of New
York says yeah they do they exist in New
York
we have a federal system that that's how
it works to take it a step further to
truly undermine his self-importance and
to demonstrate how little authority he
actually has in this if the president
says it doesn't exist in my County
Commission in my small little County
where I live says that there's a
stay-at-home order there is in this
county when it comes to this your local
County Commission or your local mayor
your local City Council has more
authority than the president that's how
this works
this entire diatribe is well to use his
words let it be fully understood that
this isn't correct I know it's easy to
pick on Trump with his limited
understanding of the subject matter at
hand and his limited understanding of
how the government functions but this is
this is a worry for me because I want to
get people's mind around the fact that
there is not going to be a reopen from
sea to shining sea that's not going to
happen
that's not in the cards the economy is
not going to come back with a bang even
once there is widespread return to
normalcy there are still going to be
areas that are under stay-at-home water
and it's going to be rolling it's going
to change locations the idea behind the
stay-at-home Wars was to make sure that
we didn't that we could flatten the
curve okay that we didn't overwhelm the
medical infrastructure that was the
whole point once we get it to where
we're below that and we can keep the
spread below that level then it's okay
to return to normal kind of now if
you're at risk you still need to take a
whole lot of precautions the
stay-at-home order may be gone but
social distancing should certainly still
remain in effect and then what's going
to happen is let's say for example to
blow pick a city doesn't matter they
reopen on this limited basis and then it
starts to to get out of control there
and it can once again overwhelm the
medical infrastructure that curve starts
to climb they go back to a stay-at-home
worker that's how this is going to work
there's not going to be this grand you
know overwhelming victory where we all
just march out into the streets and hold
a parade that's proven to be a really
bad idea historically when you're
dealing with something like this see
Philadelphia we need to wrap our minds
around that we need to get ready for a
long haul this is probably gonna last a
year and a half maybe until there's a
vaccine or at least until there's a
really solid treatment there are a
couple of treatments out there that are
showing real promise not the one the
president keeps touting but we'll get
there and understand we have in many
areas successfully flattened the curve
so so you can start to expect to see a
little bit of a return to normal but
social distancing is still going to be
in effect you should still wear a mask
you should still wash your hands and not
touch your face you should still keep
your trips to a minimum you're not just
protecting yourself you're protecting
others anyway it's just a thought you'll
have a good day